docs(staging): sidecar and pod anatomy, ignition, PDB, security, STS and racks (#3405)
scylladb/scylla-operator: docs-staging/source/understand/sidecar.md

# Sidecar and pod anatomy

This page describes every container that runs inside a ScyllaDB pod, how they coordinate through shared volumes, and what the sidecar subcommand does.

## Container overview

A ScyllaDB pod contains init containers that run sequentially before the main workload, followed by long-running containers that run concurrently.

### Init containers (in order)

| # | Name | Image | Purpose | Conditional |
|---|------|-------|---------|-------------|

> | 1 | `scylla-operator-binary-injector` | Operator | Copies the `scylla-operator` binary into the `/mnt/shared` volume so that other containers can use it without bundling the Operator image. | Always present |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1 | `sidecar-injection` | Operator | Copies the `scylla-operator` binary into the `/mnt/shared` volume so that other containers can use it without bundling the Operator image. | Always present |
```

The container's name doesn't match: https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/blob/8429caea15097515b744b058f2afea969a50f5de/pkg/naming/constants.go#L152

Author: Done.

| 2 | `scylladb-api-status-probe` | Operator | Translates ScyllaDB's native HTTP API status into Kubernetes health-check endpoints (`/healthz`, `/readyz`) on port 8080. | Always present |
| 3 | `scylladb-ignition` | Operator | Evaluates startup prerequisites (tuning done, IPs assigned, container running) and creates the ignition signal file when all are met. See [Ignition](ignition.md). | Always present |
| 4 | `scylla-manager-agent` | Manager Agent | Runs the ScyllaDB Manager Agent for backup, repair, and health-check operations. Waits for the ignition signal before starting. | Only when Manager integration is configured |

## Shared volumes

Containers coordinate through volumes mounted into the pod:

| Volume | Mount path | Purpose |
|--------|-----------|---------|
| `shared` (emptyDir) | `/mnt/shared` | Carries the Operator binary (injected by init container 1) and the ignition signal file (`/mnt/shared/ignition.done`). Shared by all containers. |
| Data PVC | `/var/lib/scylla` | Persistent storage for ScyllaDB data files. Mounted read-write in the main container, read-only in the bootstrap barrier. |

> | Managed ScyllaDB config (ConfigMap) | `/var/run/configmaps/scylla-operator.scylladb.com/scylladb/managed-config/scylla.yaml` | Operator-generated `scylla.yaml` with cluster name, snitch, TLS, and other managed settings. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Managed ScyllaDB config (ConfigMap) | `/var/run/configmaps/scylla-operator.scylladb.com/scylladb/managed-config/scylladb-managed-config.yaml` | Operator-generated `scylla.yaml` with cluster name, snitch, TLS, and other managed settings. |
```

The filename doesn't match implementation: https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/blob/8429caea15097515b744b058f2afea969a50f5de/pkg/naming/constants.go#L169-L173

Author: Done.
